Add Keycloak testplans (#181)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/keycloak/u-keycloak-07-user-roles-consideration-lecturer-interface-no-access.md

> # Keycloak: user roles consideration lecturer interface no access (`u.keycloak-07`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Keycloak: lecturer interface not linked for non-lecturers (`u.keycloak-07`)
```
Don't forget to adapt the filename and linkages.

Version: V1.0, 25.09.2022 \
Author: Leon Layer

## Description

> A user without a lecturer role, is logged in. His role causes the lecturer interface to be not displayed on the start page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user who is not a lecturer is logged in. They will not see a link to the lecturer interface.
```

## Precondition

> A user without a lecturer role is logged in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user stays logged in. 
```

## Postcondition

> The possibility to open the lecturer interface is not displayed to the user.

Reviewer: Again, isn't that basically just an alternative procedure for `06`?
